hello youtube users today I bring you
this video of one of the games that more
I like devil may cry 3 the goal of
this video is to give you a trick of
this game hahahahahaha will think of this
Uncle, all he does is upload videos from
gaming tricks xd
this is the last video I upload xddddd
hahaha the last one that I upload but of tricks
Well here is the only trick that
exists for this game
its function is to unlock all of the
game galleries the difficulties all
the suits the suit that I like the most is
the purple aura because it gives you the power
to transform you into a demon
as long as you want but the only thing is that
you will have to pass the missions
because you do not unlock them in the menu
be kept pressed the
next buttons the one plus the two more
r one more
r2 after that while continuing to push
give a turn or two with the analog
left if they did well they will hear
a voice that says devil may cry all the
suit modes and galleries will be
unlocked is not there although they have done
this of all
everyone will have to buy the skills
and pass the missions normally apart
this trick is verified only for the
English and Japanese versions good if
this trick do not like them I bring them more
but they are not tricks are requirements for
unlock things to unlock all
the suits follow these requirements happens
the complete game in mode decides and
you will get a dante without a raincoat
full game in normal mode and
you'll get dante from the weak mike lee one
Passes the entire game in diop mode
you'll have to let's make it down
the full game in ade mode you 'll get
the legendary dark knight passes the game
full in diop mode you'll have to
back note to get the last three
characters you only need to pass the
game in mode ever trick to
get weak infinite trigger happens the
complete multi andante game and you'll get
weak tring the infinite places where it
they find the firearms according to
find inside the bar in mission 3
artemis finds the three essences and
Use them in the laser machine in the
5 spiral mission in the outside area in
mission 9 there is a raised platform
near the waterfall goes up to that
platform and you'll find the weapon
kalina and beat the woman in the mission
16 herself that will give the good weapon
this has been all I hope you have
liked comment, score with a positive
and subscribe to my channel goodbye
at least
without solution
yes